I can't believe I did this what an idiot
oh stop beating yourself up people make
mistakes these things happen there
aren't you messages do you forgotten to
give me or there apparently you're not
very good at it
do you think he'll ever forgive me of
course he will but Chandler the most
important thing is that you forgive
yourself you're early
I kind of have already that's pretty bad
what you did you know what he will
forgive you and I like to bring a pack
with me when I go answer the phone just
in case you didn't see how mad he was
you know I'm sure he will forgive you
look we have all been there you know you
fight your makeup that's just the way it
works it took two people to break up
this relationship yeah you and that girl
from the copy place which yesterday you
took full responsibility for I didn't
know what I was taking responsibility
for okay I didn't finish the whole
letter what I fell asleep
you fell asleep it was 5:30 in the
morning and you had rambled on for 18
pages front and back and by the way why
are you apostrophe re means you are
why don't you arm means you're I'm
getting back together with you we are so
over fine by me
it doesn't happen every big deal
I knew it you had no right to go out
with him it's the most did you sign me
out absolute talk did you just flick me
okay well you wouldn't let me finish and
I was
[Applause]
all right now I will let go if you both
stop fine fine
there we go you know what if we were in
prison you guys who feel like my bitches
[Applause]
ok buddy-boy here it is you hide my
clothes I'm wearing everything you are
oh my God look at me I'm Chandler could
I be wearing any more clothes maybe if I
wasn't going commando I'll tell you it's
hot with all this stuff on I I better
not do any I don't know lunges
[Applause]
I think of all the friends have known
we're
[Music]